<events>

</events>
<input>
```crates/compiler/load_internal/Cargo.toml
<|start_of_file|>
[package]
name = "roc_load_internal"
description = "The internal implementation of roc_load, separate from roc_load to support caching."
<|editable_region_start|>

authors.workspace = true
edition.workspace = true
license.workspace = true
version.workspace = true

[dependencies]
roc_builtins.workspace = true
roc_can.workspace = true
roc_can_solo.workspace = true
roc_work.workspace = true
roc_checkmate.workspace = true
roc_collections.workspace = true
roc_constrain.workspace = true
roc_debug_flags.workspace = true
roc_derive.workspace = true
roc_derive_key.workspace = true
roc_error_macros.workspace = true
roc_late_solve.workspace = true
roc_module.workspace = true
roc_mono.workspace = true
roc_packaging.workspace = true
roc_parse.workspace = true
roc_problem.workspace = true
roc_region.workspace = true
roc_reporting.workspace = true
roc_solve.workspace = true
roc_solve_problem.workspace = true
roc_target.workspace = true
roc_tracing.workspace = true
roc_types.workspace = true
roc_unify.workspace = true
roc_worker.workspace = true
roc_lower_params.workspace = true
ven_pretty.workspace = true
bumpalo.workspace = true
crossbeam.workspace = tru<|user_cursor_is_here|>e
parking_lot.workspace = true
tempfile.workspace = true
base64-url.workspace = true
blake3.workspace = true

[dev-dependencies]
roc_test_utils_dir.workspace = true
indoc.workspace = true
maplit.workspace = true
<|editable_region_end|>
pretty_assertions.workspace = true

```
</input>
<output>
```crates/compiler/load_internal/Cargo.toml
<|start_of_file|>
[package]
name = "roc_load_internal"
description = "The internal implementation of roc_load, separate from roc_load to support caching."
<|editable_region_start|>

authors.workspace = true
edition.workspace = true
license.workspace = true
version.workspace = true

[dependencies]
roc_builtins.workspace = true
roc_can.workspace = true
roc_can_solo.workspace = true
roc_work.workspace = true
roc_checkmate.workspace = true
roc_collections.workspace = true
roc_constrain.workspace = true
roc_debug_flags.workspace = true
roc_derive.workspace = true
roc_derive_key.workspace = true
roc_error_macros.workspace = true
roc_late_solve.workspace = true
roc_module.workspace = true
roc_mono.workspace = true
roc_packaging.workspace = true
roc_parse.workspace = true
roc_problem.workspace = true
roc_region.workspace = true
roc_reporting.workspace = true
roc_solve.workspace = true
roc_solve_problem.workspace = true
roc_target.workspace = true
roc_tracing.workspace = true
roc_types.workspace = true
roc_unify.workspace = true
roc_worker.workspace = true
roc_lower_params.workspace = true
ven_pretty.workspace = true
bumpalo.workspace = true
crossbeam.workspace = true
parking_lot.workspace = true
tempfile.workspace = true
base64-url.workspace = true
blake3.workspace = true

[dev-dependencies]
roc_test_utils_dir.workspace = true
indoc.workspace = true
maplit.workspace = true
<|editable_region_end|>
pretty_assertions.workspace = true

```
</output>
<outline>
```crates/compiler/load_internal/Cargo.toml
package
 name
 description
 authors.workspace
 edition.workspace
 license.workspace
 version.workspace
dependencies
 roc_builtins.workspace
 roc_can.workspace
 roc_can_solo.workspace
 roc_work.workspace
 roc_checkmate.workspace
 roc_collections.workspace
 roc_constrain.workspace
 roc_debug_flags.workspace
 roc_derive.workspace
 roc_derive_key.workspace
 roc_error_macros.workspace
 roc_late_solve.workspace
 roc_module.workspace
 roc_mono.workspace
 roc_packaging.workspace
 roc_parse.workspace
 roc_problem.workspace
 roc_region.workspace
 roc_reporting.workspace
 roc_solve.workspace
 roc_solve_problem.workspace
 roc_target.workspace
 roc_tracing.workspace
 roc_types.workspace
 roc_unify.workspace
 roc_worker.workspace
 roc_lower_params.workspace
 ven_pretty.workspace
 bumpalo.workspace
 crossbeam.workspace
 parking_lot.workspace
 tempfile.workspace
 base64-url.workspace
 blake3.workspace
dev-dependencies
 roc_test_utils_dir.workspace
 indoc.workspace
 maplit.workspace
 pretty_assertions.workspace
```

</outline>
<rejected>
```crates/compiler/load_internal/Cargo.toml
<|start_of_file|>
[package]
name = "roc_load_internal"
description = "The internal implementation of roc_load, separate from roc_load to support caching."
<|editable_region_start|>

authors.workspace = true
edition.workspace = true
license.workspace = true
version.workspace = true

[dev-dependencies]
roc_test_utils_dir.workspace = true
indoc.workspace = true
maplit.workspace = true
<|editable_region_end|>
pretty_assertions.workspace = true

```
</rejected>

<labels>
no-op,unknown
</labels>
